Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
There was an intruder
in-in my apartment.
I-I-I don't... I don't know.
Yes. yes. but
w-what if they-they come back?
Can you just send someone now?
The Furman Building
in Brooklyn Heights.
What? No. no. I...
I don't...
Hi. baby. How was your flight?
- Where are you?
- I'm getting ready.
You were supposed to be at
the clinic 20 minutes ago.
No. baby. the egg retrieval's
at 9:00 a.m.
It's scheduled for 8:00. Anna.
and you have to be here
an hour before.
Honey. no. it's not.
I checked the appointment.
like. three times...
Dr. Hill says he needs you here
as soon as possible
or we have to start
this whole cycle over again.
How fast can you get here?
Am I too late?
They can squeeze us in
as long as you can change
and get right into the OR.
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay. Come on.
Come right with me. Ms. Alcott.
Have you ever received twilight
anesthesia before. Ms. Alcott?
Yes. I've done
this process before.
Twice.
Very good.
Tiny prick.
You'll start to feel woozy.
then you may fall asleep.
you may not.
Either way.
it'll feel pleasant.
It's going to happen this time.
I can feel it.
Do you still love me?
Even though you were late
to the appointment
I flew in on
a red-eye from Berlin to make?
Yeah.
I mean...
even though I'm broken?
Baby. you are not broken.
We have unexplained infertility.
like 30% of other couples.
It's... it's nobody's fault.
All of this will be worth it
once we meet our perfect baby.
Ms. Alcott. Ms. Alcott?
It's Dr. Hill.
Can you hear my voice?
Welcome back.
I'm here with your husband.
Hey. sweetie.
How are you feeling?
Pre... Pretty awful. actually.
Yeah. Well. that's
perfectly normal.
Are you open to me
asking you a few questions?
What's your name?
Anna. Victor...
- Victori...
- Okay. Good enough.
Anna Victoria Alcott.
And what is today's date?
September fourth.
Wonderful.
Now. I have news.
I was able
to retrieve nine eggs.
which I am very happy with.
Is that good?
I'm very happy about it.
and I'm going to start you
on progesterone suppositories
to be taken nightly immediately
so we can prepare your uterus
for an embryo transfer.
Yeah?
Now. these
are composed in-house.
They're FET misant.
so they need to be
refrigerated immediately.
That's very important.
- You got that? Okay.
- Yeah.
Get some rest.
and I will call you
as soon as I have
any information about
your potential embryos.
Congratulations.
I... I am feeling very optimistic
about our chances.
Why'd he say that just to you?
Is this thing really necessary?
It's standard protocol.
Ms. Alcott.
Is it...
Is it normal to feel
this much pain?
Some achiness is always to be
expected. I'm afraid.
It's-it's not achiness. it...
I know. hon.
but nothing worth
waiting for is ever easy.
How we doing? More prenatals.
I can go ahead
and charge your Amex.
- if that works.
- That's great.
And here are
the progesterone suppositories
Dr. Hill mentioned.
You'll want to get those
in the refrigerator
- as soon as possible.
- Will do.
And don't forget
your bag. Mr. Alcott.
I'm going to go
call an Uber. okay?
Thank you.
Do you need help. Ms. Alcott?
I'm fine. Thanks.
I know you.
Thanks for watching.
Watching?
You are her.
Ms. Preecher.
you know you're not allowed to...
My husband's waiting for me.
Ms. Preecher? Ms. Preecher!
You okay?
I saw that woman
on our block this morning.
Maybe she's seeing Dr. Hill.
It's not that weird.
He's the primary
fertility specialist
in the city.
according to New York mag.
I don't think she'd be smoking
if she was trying
to get pregnant.
Wait. you don't think
she's some weird...
- What?
- Like...
She's following you
or something?
Feels like a reach. babe.
I mean. you're a big star now.
but you probably
don't have a stalker.
Yet.
Let's get these in the fridge.
and grab you some lunch. okay?
You want to play the game?
Simon.
- Treya.
- That's not a name.
- Yes. it is.
- Okay. Treya.
P.S. 8.
What about preschool?
Shit. I forgot about preschool.
What kind of almost-dad are you?
Co-op within walking distance.
I do drop-offs. you do pick-ups.
Okay. So. Simon if he's a boy.
Treya if she's a girl...
Still don't think that's a name.
Co-op Pre-K.
P.S. 8 K through five...
- Your turn for middle school.
- St. Ann's.
You better keep making
that money. honey.
That place ain't cheap.
And what about you?
You're the one
who chose St. Ann's.
You do high school.
St. Ann's.
I hate you.
-What if it doesn't...
this time?
-It'll happen.
I promise.
Cut it out.
Who's a hungry boy?
Here you go.
Yeah.
Then tell the Daniels
to suck my clit.
She's not missing a press day
for a fucking commercial shoot.
It's exhausting being
better than everyone.
Siobhan. I can't sign this one.
It's. like. 15 years old.
Your fans will send
more updated photos
the more you work.
DeDe never made me
do stuff like this.
DeDe was a dinosaur.
and that's why you fired her
and you moved over here.
To my company.
Speaking of:
I pitched
a profile for The Times.
and I'm waiting to hear back.
Great.
My God.
This just came in.
Andy Cohen wants
to interview you alone.
without even a "Bravolebrity"
in the other chair.
Really? My God. When?
- Thursday.
- This Thursday?
Anna. this would be
your first late-night show.
- I'll-I'll make it work.
- Thank God.
I thought you were exhibiting
early signs of dementia.
And...
a fan wants you to sign this.
God.
This show was so embarrassing.
It's what put you on the map.
- For better or for worse.
- Better.
It's what got us here.
To this Oscars campaign.
They want you to sign its body.
Are you fucking serious?
Yeah.
Fans are weird.
Her torso is so
disproportionately small.
my name won't even fit.
Then initial it.
I feel like I'm violating
myself.
That's called being an actress.
Okay. So. can I
confirm you
for Andy this Thursday?
Sure.
Okay.
Anna?
What?
The doll?
I didn't put that there.
My God. You need a nap.
You know I adore you.
but this is called
burying the lede.
No one else knows.
I mean. except Dex. of course.
I am so fucking excited for you.
Okay. nothing has happened yet.
But it will.
We don't know that for sure.
You have a peculiar penchant
for turning dreams
into nightmares.
What is that supposed to mean?
Listen. you're suddenly
an A-list star
after spending years on the CW
applying sunscreen
with a smoldering stare...
before you did
a low-budget indie
that we all thought
would wind up
in the bargain bin at Walmart.
I mean. no offense.
None taken. that is true.
And your world-renowned
fertility doctor
just told you he's so optimistic
- about your prospects.
- But he said that last time.
That kind of thinking
is what I'm talking about.
Focus on the good.
There's so much of it
in your life right now.
I'm terrified.
It just means
you're doing it right.
- "It?"
- Life.
Hey. is it hard for you to.
you know. talk about...
- No.
- You didn't even know
what I was going to say.
You were going to ask me
if it's hard for me
to talk about your IVF journey
since mine didn't work.
Your joy is my joy.
You're my best friend.
Meeting you
at that IVF support group
was the only God-forsaken thing
I got out of that process.
Come on.
we would have met anyways.
- One day.
- Maybe.
What? I'm an actress.
you're a publicist.
You're an actress who didn't
know she needed a new publicist
until I saw what
you were posting on Instagram.
Okay. okay.
Hashtag wine emoji.
- Hashtag night out.
- Stop.
You haven't heard anything?
Honey. I would
tell you right away.
Come one. Come on. Oz. Come on.
I know. it's just...
so hard waiting.
I know.
Do you think
all of our embryos died.
and he's just gathering
the nerve to tell us?
He said
it would take a few days.
It just doesn't feel like
it should be this hard
to get your body to do something
you literally begged it
not to do from ages 14 to 30.
It's hard for everyone.
In different ways.
Do you mean that about Adeline?
Look. I know you don't like
to talk about it
because of the accident. but...
I don't mind.
You clam up
every time I ask you about her.
- No. I don't.
- But you're doing it right now.
She was my wife. Anna.
The love of my life.
Until I met you.
And...
the way that she died.
no one gets over that.
I'm sorry.
What do you want to know?
I know you
planned to eventually.
but did you two ever...
try?
For kids? No.
Why not?
It just wasn't
in the cards for us.
Anna.
What?
It's okay. it's okay.
It must have come out of
one of these trees.
Did you know humans swallow
a pound of spiders
in their sleep
over an average lifetime?
That is an old wives' tale.
I don't know.
Anna.
- did you leave these out?
- Okay. go.
What?
No. I put them back in
the fridge last night.
Then why are they
on the counter?
Wait. did Yvette come today?
She comes every other Friday.
No. I-I know when she comes.
I'm just...
It's okay. babe.
You're on a ton of meds.
you got a lot on your mind.
Sure you're up for dinner
with Talia and Theo tonight?
'Cause...
- Of course.
- We can cancel.
No. it'll be good for me
to take my mind
off of embryos and...
embryos.
Is it okay if we meet there?
I need to check in
on the gallery.
Of course.
- Sorry I'm late.
- Hey.
You're not.
We're just always
psychotically early.
Theo was raised by hoarders.
- Must you? Always?
- I say it out of love. darling.
Wine?
No thanks.
Just a bit. for good luck.
First of all.
to Anna and her
massive success of late.
Hear. hear.
No one more deserving.
Though I must say.
I could barely make it
through the film.
It scared the living
daylights out of me.
I thought it was brilliant.
- Well...
- Theo's much smarter
- than I am.
- She only says that
'cause she knows it's not true.
And here's to Dex
for his soon-to-be smashing
success with our new show.
What new show?
I never. ever say this. Dexter.
but you were right. For once.
The artist I flew to Berlin
to meet with.
Talia didn't respond to her.
No. don't sugarcoat it.
I loathed her work.
But Dex persuaded me
to take a chance. and...
We're almost sold out.
Sold out? Before even opening?
I know. Crazy. crazy.
Well. what's her name?
I was honestly shocked
I didn't respond to her.
considering she looked
so much like Adeline.
God. I wish
she could see you now.
She'd be so proud. Dex.
Talia...
I can feel her spirit
with us right now.
- Jesus.
- Can't you?
Excuse me.
Any word from Dr. Baby Maker?
Do you think Dex
is still in love with her?
Who? Adeline?
Honey. she's dead.
I just sometimes feel like
I can never...
live up to her.
I'm sorry.
Just too many hormones and...
It's okay. Let it out.
What's your biggest fear?
That my eggs
are so old and dusty
my baby's gonna
come out a spider.
Okay. well. your odds
of that happening
are fantastically low.
And I promise you.
if that does happen.
I will help you raise
this little spider-baby
as if it crawled out of
my own womb.
You're unbelievable.
Anna. I am so sorry.
No. it's fine.
It's not. I'm a massive cunt.
I've really got to stop
drinking so much.
I say the stupidest things.
Talia. she was your best friend.
Of course she's going
to come up in conversation.
You miss her a lot.
I really do.
And the funny thing is.
you two would have
loved each other.
I just know it.
Do you mind
if I ask to switch tables?
There's a little devil nearby
who won't stop whining
at his parents about the menu.
Why anyone
would bring their child
to a place like this
boggles my mind.
But. honestly.
why anyone would want a child
boggles my mind. so...
I don't know about that.
You wait your whole childhood
to be free to make
your own choices.
and then what choice
do you make?
To create an unnecessary being
who contributes
to global warming.
who feeds on your body
and whose survival
you're responsible for.
That's a great color on you.
Have it.
No. I don't look good in red.
I insist.
Anna? Coming?
Yeah.
It's Dr. Hill.
Okay.
Okay. Anna's with me now.
I have some good news.
We have two embryos
still developing.
both in excellent condition.
so the odds that one will
be viable are very strong.
We'll move forward with
a transfer day after tomorrow.
The day after tomorrow?
Yeah. Thursday.
Um. I'm sorry. Dr. Hill.
would it be terrible
if we did Friday?
Anna.
I have Andy Cohen on Thursday.
Well. I mean. as we discussed.
Ms. Alcott. the sooner
we do the embryo transfer.
the better its chances
of implanting successfully.
I-I know. but...
But. all right.
Of cour... It's your choice.
Let's do Friday.
- Thank you.
- All right.
11:00 a.m.. my office.
I'll see you there.
Anna...
Honey. I know. but I have to.
All right.
Hey. does that artist
really look like Adeline?
Sonia? Not at all.
Ms. Alcott. I-I have to say.
I'm growing
just a tad concerned.
Look. I just... I just need you
to change the appointment
to another time.
Literally any time. You pick.
Okay. I ju...
Someone hacked into my calendar.
Well. I'm very sorry
to hear that. dear.
Um. does 10:00 a.m. work?
Same day?
That's great.
Thank you.
I mean. sorry.
but it all kind of sounds like
par for the shitty course to me.
Courteney Cox had some freak
break into her house
and steal her lingerie
three times.
The cops did nothing.
They think if a woman's
in the public eye.
she's looking to be harassed.
It's sick.
Spin for me.
You're a vision.
How do you feel?
Honey.
You're okay.
But whatever you do. don't cry.
I got you.
Your face cannot
get puffy for Andy.
Help me welcome the star
of the most upsetting movie
I have seen in a long time:
Anna Victoria Alcott.
It is so great to have you.
I got to tell you something.
I loved this movie.
even though. I have to tell you.
I have not slept a wink
since I saw it. For real.
Well. I have not slept a wink
since we shot it. so...
I bet.
This part is so good.
it seems like
any actress would kill for it.
Andy. you are absolutely right.
And I did kill someone
for the part.
You did?
But I can't tell you who.
Well. that was gonna be
my next question.
I can give you a hint. though.
No one will miss him.
I know.
Tom Sandoval.
No. but I fucked Tom Sandoval
to get on this show.
Can I... Can I say that?
Yes. we're gonna bleep it out.
I love it.
Hey. are you okay?
It's all good. You are so much
more charming than most people.
You on a bad day
is like Hilary Swank
on a great one. you know?
Thanks?
My God.
We just got a "maybe"
from Time 100.
Fuck yes.
Siobhan?
My God. Andy's so funny.
Those dolls are really
making a comeback. I guess.
They're discontinued.
EBay. baby.
Dex?
Babe?
Dex!
Hey. babe.
Where the fuck are you?
What? Are you okay?
Are you.
are you at a fucking party?
Babe. I'm at my opening.
What?
My opening.
Your opening?
You didn't... You didn't
tell me that that was...
We talked about it.
decided it was too much for you
with Andy Cohen
and the transfer in the morning.
I'm-I'm coming.
Come on. Anna!
Show us that smile!
Let us see that pretty smile.
- There you go.
- You look fantastic.
Turn around.
let us see the back side!
One more. over here!
I used my own menstrual blood
in this one.
You-you must...
Sonia.
Shawcross. The artist.
I love that lip color on you.
by the way.
Thanks.
You never wear red.
I'm a big fan of yours.
you know.
And your husband's.
- Hey. hey.
- My God.
You scared me.
Let's go outside.
No. I'm-I'm-I'm fine.
You're not fine.
- What?
- Shh.
Okay. don't "shh" me.
You can't bring this in here.
This is my night.
The big day. You excited?
Okay.
Well. I thought
you'd like to see.
This is your little guy.
Or gal.
Or "they." as the kids say.
All ready for your
embryo transfer. Ms. Alcott?
Is anybody else
allowed back here?
Only medical personnel.
Spread your legs a little
wider for me. would you?
All right.
Okay.
This should be
relatively painless.
Baby...
How you feeling?
I'm...
groggy.
Can I get you some tea?
No?
A snack?
Look.
Our embryo's watching over you
while you rest.
Right next to your mom.
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm